<TITLE> Test. </TITLE>
<p>
He has been frequently coming.
She is sleeping.
Rama is a good boy.
This is a sample sentence for Anusaraka.
A fat ugly boy had to eat fruits.
A fat boy had to eat.
I will give up smoking.
I am eating fruits.
They may have eaten fruits.
Has he been coming?
All are going to school.
He may drink milk or eat apples.
A fat ugly boy had to eat too many fruits to lose his weight.
He attacked the enemy.
Mohan fell from the top of the house.
We had wasted our journey.
He heard the sound of rain from the kitchen.
The landlord had to back down.
Passion is a must to reach your potential.
Passion is a must to excel and to reach your potential.
Rama gave a book to Mohan.
They would have to eat.
Running is good for health.
What is your name?
There was a red mark on the door .
Rama married Sita.
He signed the cheque.
The book was read by Meera .
What is the purpose of Dharma?
There was a marked difference in the prices of dishes .
He marked these bottles .
Has he been eating ?
Does he run ?
Did you take your breakfast?
Do not waste electricity.
I will not do it .
He wasted his golden opportunity to play in the national team .
The blacksmith made an assay of iron ore .
He could hear a faint sound from the bushes .
I heard the sound of rain on the roof .
Rama is beating a boy.
I went there with my mother .
The train left on time .
Rama ate some sweets .
This job will not take much effort .
I do not go out as much now .
This is the way to go .
I waited for Seeta for hours .
He left in the morning.
I ate fruits , drank milk and slept .
The army studied the stills from the security video .
He lives at Chandinichok in Delhi in India .
What does he eat ?
But my efforts to win his heart have failed .
He is a brother of a rich person .
She is a wife of a rich person .
The boy saw a child.
Her heart beats fast .
I was sleeping in my room .
If you use that strategy , he will wipe you out .
I want to go there .
I can not afford to buy a house .
The painted doors look great .
He bought the published books for his library .
The game of life is played for winning .
The fruit is eaten by a parrot .
I got a book from the fat ugly boy .
I like running .
The Moon is shining .
The boy has a computer .
I asked him a question .
I have three brothers .
The professor decided to write a book .
The instructor persuaded Mary to take that course .
Mary promised the instructor to take that course .
Who translated the sentence for the student ?
The baby is crying .
We are waiting for Suresh .
She began singing .
I showed them how they should do it .
There is a book on the desk .
The donkey was loaded with the idol .
She is beating him .
Sita is a good girl. Boys are eating fruits. 
This is our book.
Her name is Sita. What did he eat ?
Jane is soon coming .
Be careful , she said .
Do not eat fruits .
They are good boys .
I gave a book to him .
This is my first sentence.
They have social prestige .
Your claims are indefensible .
The wheels of the car began to turn .
Our team was easily beaten in the competition .
She carefully prepared the dinner.
There are many tissues of fat in our body.
The mystery of the Nixon tapes was never solved.
The five best costumes got prizes.
A million people attended .
A few people attended.
The income tax proposal was rejected.
You are lucky I am here.
The former astronaut was alone and afraid.
A big, black, ugly dog chased me.
She is very careful about her work.
It is likely they will come.
Have you ever seen the Pacific ?
The new David Letterman is a happy, relaxed David Letterman.
I wonder how much you swim.
How many people died ?
How many people did you see ?
How many dogs ran ?
Will I be going to the market.
He told them about the accident immediately.
She works very carefully.
He made a mistake in inviting John.
I will invite Rama.
Would there be a party today ?
Did you put the milk in the refrigerator ?
How many people were there ?
Rama gave a book to Dasharat, the king of Ayodhya .
These are children's books.
The fact that he smiled at me gives me hope .
I live in New York City.
I live near the San Gabriel River.
There is a dog in the park.
Who's afraid of the big bad wolf ?
The Danes are nice people.
People use espresso to make other coffee drinks.
Espresso is a coffee drink.
Go fetch the ball.
The Zongle of Bongle Dongle resigned today.
I gave my brother an expensive present.
I gave an expensive present.
I gave him for his birthday a very expensive present .
Where are you coming from ?
Some other costumes were really bad.
Do you think we should go to the party ?
Where did you put the milk ?
All our sisters are coming. 
An insect bit me on the arm.
He wrote the biography of Tagore.
All his books are good.
Sita is my daughter.
He is working harder than usual.
He made a mistake in the inviting of John.
John is quite certainly a better choice.
I am doing fine.
It is going terribly.
It is going well.
He talks a lot.
Where were you coming from ?
Teddy will go home and study.
Petu ran fast but missed the bus.
There are three boys and four girls in the park.
You are lucky that there is no exam today.
Where did they go to?
The party that night was a big success.
Did they eat in the dark ?
Where did they come from ?
Where does she come from ?
I had to run fast to catch the bus.
I have doubts about inviting him.
You should be proud of your achievement.
The sky is blue, so it is likely that Joe will come.
He and I are friends.
Mary, Joe and Louise are coming to the party.
Your house and garden are very attractive.
John Stuart Mill is an important author.
He lives high in the mountains.
It doesn't matter what Ted does.
Are a dog and a cat here ?
There is a dog and a cat here.
Where did the car come from?
Where do the words come from?
It was obvious that he'd do it.
He felt a deep shame.
He saw the broken window.
Broken windows need to be replaced.
Birds lay their eggs in the nest.
Mary's shoes are red.
She is always in a hurry.
He ladles it with a large wooden spoon.
There was a forest near the village.
She sold the house even though it was against his wishes.
Having finished the book, she went to school.
I had to guess to know the answer.
She rose from the table to welcome me.
However the user needs some training to use the software effectively.
I can guess his age.
I guess you are working very hard.
She asked me to guess her age.
How can I participate ?
Which one is right for me ?
He is more intelligent than John.
Jerry has more than five dollars.
John is less fat than Tom.
I have started working.
I knew who would come to the party.
He prays with me daily.
I felt terrible after our discussion.
He disputed that our program was superior.
The hat is too small for me.
He is a small man in eyes of his boss .
We camped on Nilgiri hills during summer.
The soldiers were called out for the war.
Dry sand absorbs water.
We ran after him , but he escaped .
He lost his pen .
We lost 30 minutes in the traffic jam .
Take the book from the last rack .
I read about the train accident in today's paper.
He is a devoted husband and a father.
Sita is baking breads for breakfast.
Last week I saw a great movie.
Are you coming with us ?
The idol was a beautiful piece of excellent workmanship.
She is making the girl feed the child.
She made the girl feed the child.
The water came above our shoulder.
I told Jim a story.
I yelled at her for going to the party.
The girl who you called yesterday has arrived.
The boy you called yesterday has arrived.
The snake who swallowed the rat hissed loudly.
The dog who chased me was black.
The book I was reading is wonderful.
The Richard Milhous Nixon Library has been a big success .
John's family is renovating their kitchen.
The dog which Chris bought is really ugly.
How do you operate this machine ?
How quickly did Joe run ?
He is looking for another job .
They were asked that he be allowed to go.
Can we open a second browser window.
This computer is relatively more expensive.
He is a well known scientist.
But where will you get them from.
The e-mail message which you sent finally arrived yesterday.
The snake the mongoose attacked hissed loudly.
The dogs who I chased were black.
Are you afraid of spiders ?
I didn't think he would do it, but he did.
He was to become the president of India .
By going there you can earn more money.
Is that the film in which he kills his mother.
Of her childhood we know very little.
From your description, I don't think I would enjoy it.
I know some people.
He has lost his confidence.
She took out water from a deep well .
Do not disturb the sleeping kids .
The letter disturbed me .
We went to Paris on Sarah's advice .
The lawyer pointed out that Clinton didn't actually kiss Monica.
I finally figured out why this program is so slow .
Each one of them recorded the narratives from twenty participants .
The planet that we live on is of medium size .
They were discussing their hopes and dreams .
She was afraid for her children . 
The students enjoyed taking that course .
She will bind the ribbon .
Delhi is my birth place .
She gave birth to twins .
He got all the advantages of his birth .
John screamed from inside the house .
Did you ask the price ?
May I ask you a question ?
He bought a book of stamps .
I should have talked to you before inviting John .
Can you tell us where those strange ideas came from ?
This table is made up of wood .
When we want to hear a music programme on the radio , we have to tune the radio to the correct station . 
She is having her children cook dinner for her .
The old woman was sitting in a chair .
All these fruits are to be eaten .
The boy who came yesterday from Delhi is my friend .
The policeman took him to policestation .
The groups of frogs were traveling through the woods , and two of them fell into a deep pit .
Her hard work and talent will take her to the top . 
It is likely that Rod died.
He is known as the Einstein of India . 
I will keep on trying .
We like to eat at restaurants , particularly on weekends .
These shoes that I bought will look nice with that hat .
I will follow you no matter where you go .
They divided the money up among the children .
Discuss it among yourselves first .
It  plunged first its nose into the river .
I biked Johnson Creek .
I will finish my work first .
Who came first in the race ?
It was cold there even in summer .
There was an attempt to kill Rod .
Even a child can understand it .
She is even more intelligent than her sister .
</p>
<p>
The recent advertising campaign has had a marked effect on sales .
That reeks of favoritism .
We should help the poor.
He told me why he was here and what he was doing .
He left all his money to the orphanage . 
Because of the rain , we decided to stay home .
I want to have this and I want to have that .
I saw him telling her about the party . 
I made him make some changes in the program . 
Terrorists treat people very badly .
This sentence parses badly .
He is being hired by another company .
We picked them out for her .
We picked out some beautiful flowers for her .
Biking is good for health .
I am afraid that I have badly hurt him . 
She was singing me a song.
He will sing you good night.
Dick is important to fix the problem . 
Biking feels good . 
Decorate the car with fresh flowers .
Anne told me I would almost certainly be hired .
I expect to go to the party tomorrow .
The shadow travels with the sun .
The labour was with the Union leader on this issue .
I hope he comes to the party tomorrow .
I say it is a damn shame that he left .
He would play a football match against his former champions . 
Do you think these two colours match ? 
They are playing an important match against Liverpool on Saturday .
I was told the whole story by Maybeline .
It is eight hundred feet above the sea level .
Does this shirt match these trousers ?
She is full of bright ideas . 
I thought it is right to resign .
It is not a good idea to drive for hours without a rest . 
His aim was to become president .
We have very different ideas about disciplining children .
It is not a good manner to eat alone . 
Their daughter took the first prize in the race . 
He took the most convenient seat . 
Do not forget to take your tiffin . 
He made negative comments to the press .
The official refused to comment on the matter . 
I suppose his criticism was fair comment . 
They seem to resemble each other .
He commented that the two essays were rather similar . 
He had not seen him since that graduation day . 
He had seen me in the garden last night . 
She was asked about the pay increase but made no comment .
The role of a teacher is to guide a student towards knowledge . 
My brother guided me in my work.
He was awarded for his courage .
It struggled to force its body through that little hole . 
She is a great fan of Lata . 
He was a football fan . 
He was an exotic creature with short red hair and brilliant green eyes . 
A warm breeze fanned her cheeks . 
These smugglers are to be captured . 
It did not resemble any living creature . 
I saw you put the key in your pocket . 
Guess who I saw at the party last night ! 
I have been invited to head the department .
We thank you all for coming this evening .
Could this be that ?
He was awakened at dawn by the sound of crying .
I am afraid you have completely misunderstood the question .
She awakened to the sound of birds' singing .
On hearing the news of his father's death Sachin returned back to India .
By 2012 the task will be completed .
The big question on everybody's mind is who killed OJ .
Last Tuesday was really fun . 
This is my friend Bob .
We ate at Joe's Diner last week .
I saw her again a year and a half later .
How did John do it ?
The punch caught him in the stomach .
It is clear who killed Rod .
If John was with Lisa last night , who went to the movie with Diane .
We need a president who understands us . 
We are from the planet Gorpon.
Those that want to come can come.
The best costumes got prizes.
Five other costumes got prizes.
We're thinking about going to a movie this evening.
The party last week was a big success.
How much oil spilled ?
I wonder how John did it.
How many years did it take to do it ?
I wonder how much oil spilled.
Whatever the outcome is, I'm sure he'll still be popular.
The man we saw when we went to Paris is here.
I left, therefore I didn't see Ann.
She is apparently an excellent pianist .
But why did you send him that nasty note.
Are John or I invited ?
Are neither John nor I invited ?
The dog and cats know what happened.
Neither I nor my friend knows what happened.
Either I or my friend know what happened.
</p>
<p>
There is a dog or a cat here.
I was both angry and sad at the same time.
It is important to fix the problem.
I hope that he comes to the party tomorrow .
I told Margaret on Tuesday that I thought she would probably be hired .
Who did you play tennis with ?
I told him by telephone that I was coming by car .
She was the last to arrive there .
I met him last in a market-place.
He spoke last on this issue .
We caught the last bus for home .
Whether we should go to the party is the important question .
I should have talked to you before the inviting of John .
He was sitting next to Mohan's brother .
She handled it skillfully and with compassion .
High income taxes are important .
An income tax increase may be necessary .
The sleeping of students can ruin a lecture .
The sleeping of students is becoming a big problem .
He made a request that there be an investigation .
My uncle's mother's cousin is visiting us.
Joan Smith is the president of the company .
The explosion damaged his hearing .
Many people were angered by the hearings.
I am in New York and I would like to see you . 
I bought a golden bangle for my mother .
The mother calmed the angry son .
Let us go to the market .
Let her go to the market .
He deals fairly with his employees . 
Everyone should maintain peace on the earth .
It's true that you are my friend but I can't go along with you on this issue.
There is a heap of garbage near the house .
If we heat iron it becomes red . 
John is more intelligent than Tom .
He says that you like to swim .
If you know who did it , you should tell the teacher .
The sparrow made a beautiful nest .
Do not neglect your duties .
Is neither John nor I invited ?
Neither Mary nor Louise are coming to the party .
She looks beautiful .
There is a ghost in the room .
The man has been killed by the police . 
Sam , my brother is coming . 
The parents documented every step of their child's development .
I saw the man who you love .
Kennedy has been killed .
Drink plenty of water to keep good health .
I went there to buy a book .
</p>
